for the first time in 7 weeks the
sunrise over Gaza had a different
soundscape well not
completely some explosions were heard
early on Friday morning before the
ceasefire came into effect Telltale
smoke above the skyline we are still
nervous we are happy that the ceasefire
is
started and the killing
stops and we are praying and hoping that
the ceasefire
holds but we have a mixed feeling people
as well are very sad
about all the death and the casualties
many bodies are still buried under the
rubble the nonstop Israeli attacks made
paramedics and teams of volunteers were
unable to retrieve
them the Gaza Health Ministry estimates
nearly 15,000 Palestinians have been
killed most of them women and children
more than 80% of the population has been
displaced and the healthc care system
has collapsed the ceasefire will offer
the injured an opportunity to seek
treatment at hospitals in Egypt during
the 4-day period Hamas is to release 50
Israeli women and children held captive
since the October the 7th attack in
return Israel is expected to free 150
Palestinians also women and children
contained in its prisons there is first
of all public support to release as many
hostages as possible namely all of them
and then there is a support of
continuing the the war because it was
declared that one of the main goals
maybe the main goal was crashing Kamas
this didn't happen yet by all means not
and therefore there will be support for
continuing the war humanitarian Aid has
started flowing into Gaza from Egypt
Hamas says about 230 trucks of water
food medical supplies and fuel are
expected on Friday Mike leel Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer